Updates caching docs to be all about the new style of caching (#14165)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/develop/write-tasks/index.mdx

## Caching

Caching refers to the ability of a task run to enter a `Completed` state and return a predetermined 
value without actually running the code that defines the task. 
This allows you to efficiently reuse results of tasks that may be expensive to compute
and ensure that your pipelines are idempotent when retrying them due to unexpected failure. 

By default Prefect's caching logic is based on the following attributes of a task invocation:
- the inputs provided to the task
- the code definition of the task
- the prevailing flow run ID, or if executed autonomously, the prevailing task run ID

> All of these are hashed to compute the task's _cache key_.

Reviewer: I think it is important to acknowledge the expected consequence is that a task called twice in the same flow with the same arguments will not run twice but reuse its cached results -- inter-flow idempotency.

Author: Good call, will do

Author: @jlowin updated

so long as they all share a common result storage location.

By default Prefect stores results locally in `~/.prefect/storage/`. 
The filenames in this directory will correspond exactly to computed cache keys from your task runs.

<Warning>
**Relationship with result persistence** 

Task caching and result persistence are intimately related. Because task caching relies on loading a 
known result, task caching will only work when your task can persist its output 
to a fixed and known location.

Therefore any configuration which explicitly avoids result persistence will result in your task never
using a cache, for example setting `persist_result=False`.
</Warning>

### Cache policies

Cache key computation can be configured through the use of _cache policies_. 
A cache policy is a recipe for computing cache keys for a given task.

Prefect comes prepackaged with a few common cache policies:
- `DEFAULT`: this cache policy uses the task's inputs, it's code definition, as well as the prevailing flow run ID
to compute the task's cache key.
- `INPUTS`: this cache policy uses _only_ the task's inputs to compute the cache key.

> - `TASKDEF`: this cache policy uses _only_ the task's code definition to compute the cache key.

Reviewer: FWIW, all the other values here are self documenting but this one really isn't clear unless you read this doc. 

Suggestions:

`TASK_CODE`
`TASK_DEF` (maybe)
`TASK_SOURCE`

Author: Love it; `TASK_SOURCE` sounds best to me but it's a bit formal. Will need to think about which to use but I'll change it either way

Author: source actually hints at how I get this (`getsource()`) so I think it's the best

Author: Made this change in my code companion PR to this: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/14164/commits/e8c996d0d5a391bb8f11118c5cd59a07665c494d

- `FLOW_PARAMETERS`: this cache policy uses _only_ the parameter values provided to the parent flow run
to compute the cache key.
- `NONE`: this cache policy always returns `None` and therefore avoids caching and result persistence altogether

These can be set using the `cache_policy` keyword on the [task decorator](/3.0rc/api-ref/prefect/tasks/#prefect.tasks.task):

```python
from prefect import task
from prefect.cache_policies import TASKDEF

import time

@task(cache_policy=TASKDEF)
def my_stateful_task():
    print('sleeping')
    time.sleep(10)
    return 42

my_stateful_task() # sleeps
my_stateful_task() # does not sleep
```

> This task will run once and only once until the underlying code is altered:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No matter how many flows call it, this task will run once and only once until its underlying code is altered:
```
